I corrected the grammar, spelling, and punctuation in the passage for you:

I bought this lip mask after reading the reviews and the hype. Unfortunately, it did not meet my expectations, as Vaseline petroleum jelly works way better for me. My review title says it all. I get so excited to get into bed and apply this lip mask. I do see a difference because I suffer from dry, cracked lips. I drink a lot of water and apply lip balm daily, but nothing helped until I started using this.

I've always loved this formula for a long time. I honestly don't even use it for nighttime; I use it as an everyday lip balm. I love the texture. "Gummy Bear" is my second most favorite scent. "Grapefruit" is the best, in my opinion.

If you have dry, cracked lips, this is a must-have. After a few weeks of use, I have learned I will always have it by my bedside. I thought it was a little expensive, but a little goes a long way. It is worth the price.

The scent isn't my favorite, but it works great. I put it on every night before I go to sleep, and every morning I wake up with smooth, moisturized, and soft lips. The packaging is amazing as well.

I'll give this 2 stars for nice packaging and a lovely scent. Upon initial application, it feels very nice. But as I continued to use it, I noticed I was getting more and more blackheads, clogged pores, and pimples around my lips. I thought it was my Aquaphor, but it's THIS. It also makes my lips even more dry than they initially were. Disappointing.

I use this at night or while I'm putting makeup on. Love the way I don't have to reapply it during the night. Definitely a win.

I love this stuff. I first had the sample size from a Sephora Birthday gift, and once I had run through it, I knew it was a purchase I needed to make. I live in an incredibly dry environment—great for macarons, but terrible for my skin. This lip mask helps to keep my lips from becoming too chapped.

I purchased the "Sweet Candy" scent at my local Sephora, and I am OBSESSED. I will be honest, the scent is a bit strong, but they're all strongly scented. My lips are so soft. 10/10.

This product is a bit pricey, but after using one scoop, I figured this will take a LONG time to use up the whole container. It smells so good, and the container is so cute.

I use this every night and morning, and it works wonders. This never fails to make my lips super hydrated. The tint and shine to it makes it even a great lip gloss during the day.

A little goes a long way. Love the fragrance and works great as a night lip mask. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the price.

Honestly, I was so excited when I got this in the mail. But unfortunately, it is not worth the hype. I have bought two of these full size, and I went through them so quickly. The ingredients are not very clean, and this product made my lips so dry. I wanted to like this product so bad as it's so cute and smells nice. But unfortunately, it is a hard pass for me. I will be sticking to my Vaseline and Aquaphor for now.

Does the "Gummy Bear" mask smell absolutely delicious? Yes. Does it do much for my lips overnight? Nope. They are dry and a little chapped in the morning. I honestly have better luck with my Vaseline lip therapy, but I am still keeping the Laneige to use as a daily balm.

I just got this a few days ago; it's amazing. I love the berry scent. It's very hydrating, and my lips are so smooth and glossy. My lips are always chapped and dry; this has really helped.

I love how hydrating this makes my lips feel, perfect for an overnight lip mask or just a gloss as well. Lasts forever.

It's super glossy and looks amazing but doesn't last very long after use.

I have used this for about almost a year, and my lips are so soft. Once I use this, not only do I use it at night, but just when I need a quick moisturizing pick-me-up for my lips.

I have this in every color except for "Sweet Candy," which will be my next purchase. But I got the kit with the 5 minis for Christmas, and I honestly love these so much. I wake up, and my lips are instantly smooth. I can also use it as a lip gloss, and it's honestly my favorite lip product ever.

There's nothing wrong with it, but I think it was overhyped on TikTok. It actually made my lips a little dry.

Just like Aquaphor, just get something cheaper; it's just overrated. It's good, but they also animal test.

I just started using it, but from the first night, my lips felt way better. The next morning, they even looked fuller, which I'm not sure if that's the intention, but still. And the berry smell is so good.

This lip balm is the best I ever had. It works. It hydrates and lasts long. It has everything you need in a balm. It even has a little spatula that you can use to scoop the product easily and cleanly.

Not worth the hype. My lips are still dry after using this product nightly. I had much better results with the Ilia Lip Wrap, and it's a cleaner product.

Super hydrating and smells really good, unlike certain lip masks.

I love this product; it leaves my lips so hydrated, and the color is immaculate.

I really tried to love this. I wore it to sleep every night for a month, but every time I woke up with lips chapped and peeling. Overhyped and not worth the money, just use Vaseline.

Love this. I'm obsessed with the "Gummy Bear" scent. This stuff is so thick and creamy. Lasts for hours. Very hydrating. Loved it so much I bought the daytime gloss. "Candy" also smells amazing.

I love this lippy; it makes my lips soft and also is helping my acne scars to fade, and no idea why.
